Wall Street started the year in
a row
out over the persian gulf
tensions and a
7% selloff in China at the end
of the
day the Dow Jones Industrial
Average
lost two hundred and seventy six
points
to close below seventeen
thousand 150 it
had been down four hundred and
fifty the
Nasdaq fell a hundred and four
points
and the S&P 500 slipped 31 the
us-
government is taking books wagon
to a
court over emissions cheating
software
used in diesel vehicles and
civil
lawsuit filed in Detroit charges
the
cheating led to greenhouse gas
emissions
far beyond federal standard some
600,000
Volkswagen made vehicles are
affected in
the you s President Obama today
defended
his plans to tighten gun control
restrictions without
congressional
approval he said his executive
action
would fall within both his legal
authority and the right to bear
arms
enshrined in the Second
Amendment the
president spoke in the Oval
Office after
meeting with attorney general
Loretta
Lynch and FBI director James
Comey
Congress over we have to be very
clear
that this is not gonna solve
every
violent crime in this country
it's not
going to prevent every mass
shooting
it's not gonna keep everyone out
of the
hands of a criminal it will
potentially
save lives Mr Obama will make
the
announcement tomorrow he is
expected to
broaden background checks on gun
sales
and armed anti-government groups
stood
their ground today at a wildlife
refuge
in oregon they seized the place
over the
weekend to protest what they see
as
federal overreach on public
lands the
FBI said it is seeking quote a
peaceful
resolution to the standoff will
explore
the story in full
later in the program the flood
tide
along the Mississippi River is
moving on
putting towns in southern most
Illinois
at risk the water has largely
receded in
the st. Louis region revealing
widespread damage and leaving a
series
of towns to clean up
meanwhile near record crests are
expected along the Illinois
River this
week and starting tomorrow local
governments across New York
State will
have to move the homeless off
the
streets and out of the cold by
force if
necessary
Governor Andrew Cuomo signed an
order
yesterday to transport people to
shelters when temperatures dip
below
freezing today in New York City
he said
he'll defend the policy against
any
legal challenges why are we
doing this
so why should we do this I said
because
it's not on the street corner
it's not
right
it's not right to have a shelter
system
that is so dirty and unsafe
people have
to stay on the street corner
that's the
only reason it's not right
the mayor of New York City bill
DeBlasio
said he supports cuomo's intent
but he
argued it would take a state law
to do
what the governor wants in India
the
military spent a third day
clearing an
Air Force Base near the
Pakistani border
pro Pakistani gunmen stormed the
compound in Punjab State on
Saturday
morning killing seven Indian
soldiers
search operations resumed around
the
base today as security remained
tight so
far five militants have been
killed with
at least one other still on the
loose
the incident could endanger a
recent in
India's relations with Pakistan
and
Indian consulate in northern
Afghanistan
was attacked overnight and it
took all
day to end the siege soldiers
fire
rockets and artillery insurgents
holed
up in a nearby building after
they
failed to break into the
consulate and
Maserati Sharif no group claimed
responsibility but the Taliban
has
carried out similar attacks
before and
authorities in southern Mexico
are
investigating the murder of a
mayor
apparently by drug gangs he say
hello
moto was killed on Saturday just
one day
after taking office the regional
governor says the gangs mean to
stop
officials from calling in the
state
police mourners gathered
yesterday to
pay their respects and some
complain the
government had failed to protect
mayor
Moda she was 33 years old
still to come on the news hour
what the
Iran Saudi conflict means for
diplomacy
in the Middle East on the 2016
campaign
trail with new tactics
who had by armed protesters say
they
took over a National Wildlife
Refuge and
much more